Explanation of graphs<br><br>These graphs are designed to help visualise the relationship between sleep and light level. A total of 8 graphs are shown, for all combinations of the 4 different colours of light (white, blue, red and green) and the two graph types probablity of sleep and expected time spent asleep (more on these later)<br><br>Notably, all the information is accurate only to a certain range, hence why it is a bar graph and not a line graph. These ranges are also different sizes, both on the bar graph and the raw values. This is because the data is designed to be spread evenly across the ranges, so that each range has "n" data points. This also means that it's possible to work out how often a particular intensity occurs.A larger size means that intensities contained by that range occurred less frequently, and as such the range had to increase in size to compensate. Likewise, a smaller range means that those intensities of light was more concentrated in the data set.<br><br>There will always be 60 ranges (no real reason, just convenience). The ranges are calculated EXCLUDING all occurrences of the minimum and maximum values from the data set, this is for if the sensor reaches its minimum or maximum limit for how precise it can get. However, white light still includes the minimum value, as 0 lux is a realistic lower bound for the sensor. Anyway, if the light reading hits a point where it is no longer accurate, the graph would no longer be able present an accurate representation of the situation. Because of this, the data was removed, not to bias the result, but to not make a statement about something it has no way of being sure is correct. Also, if the sensor wasn't on it's minimum or maximum capacity, not many values should have the min/max values, so a neglectable amount of data would be removed (2 minimum out of a data set that has ten of thousands of points).<br><br>All of this is applied only using the data for that colour (ie the ranges on the green graph are based of the distribution of the green light data only. This data is also has no relationship to time, as it's taken from the dataset as a whole regardless of when it happened.<br><br>Now, the two types of graphs are as stated for probability of sleep and expected time spent asleep. <br>Probability of sleep is pretty straight forward, if you found that at any given time the user was exposed to "x" light, what is the chance they were asleep at the time? This is calculated by looking at all the data points for that range and counting at how many of those the user is asleep for. This is then divided by the total number of points in the range (which is constant for all ranges of that colour) and multiplied by 100 so that it is a percentage. This also come with an expected chance prior, which is if you took a random point from the data, what would be the probability that they were asleep? This also represents what you would expect to see if the chance of sleep had no correlation with light level. As such, the more the ranges deviate from this value, the more correlation there was between light level and chance of sleep.<br><br>Average counts is more complicated. It basically takes every point when they were exposed to that light intensity, and counts over the next hour (60 data points) how long they were asleep (doesn't have to be continuous sleep). It then averages this information to form the expected time asleep, in minutes.<br><br>For all colours except white light (which was measured in lux), the scale for the light intensity is logarithmic.